Renaming main files for the med-diagnosis pattern for modular docs (#310)
validatedpatterns/docs: modules/med-about-customizing-pattern.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:imagesdir: ../../images

[id="about-customizing-pattern-med"]
= About customizing the {med-pattern}

> One of the major goals of the {solution-name-upstream} development process is to create modular and customizable demos. The {med-pattern} is just an example of how AI/ML workloads built for object detection and classification can be run on OpenShift clusters. Consider your workloads for a moment - how would your workload best consume the pattern framework? Do your consumers require on-demand or near real-time responses when using your application? Is your application processing images or data that is protected by either Government Privacy Laws or HIPAA?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the major goals of the {solution-name-upstream} development process is to create modular and customizable demos. The {med-pattern} is just an example of how AI/ML workloads built for object detection and classification can be run on OpenShift clusters. Consider your workloads for a moment:

* How would your workload best consume the pattern framework?
* Do your consumers require on-demand or near real-time responses when using your application?
* Is your application processing images or data that is protected by either Government Privacy Laws or HIPAA?
```

> The {med-pattern} can answer the call to either of these requirements by using  {serverless-short} and {ocp-data-short}.

Reviewer: "answer the call"

Let's avoid colloquialisms and idioms.

[id="understanding-different-ways-to-use-med-pattern"]
== Understanding different ways to use the {med-pattern}

> * The {med-pattern} is scanning X-Ray images to determine the probability that a patient might or might not have Pneumonia. Continuing with the medical path, the pattern could be used for other early detection scenarios that use object detection and classification. For example, the pattern could be used to scan C/T images for anomalies in the body such as Sepsis, Cancer, or even benign tumors. Additionally, the pattern could be used for detecting blood clots, some heart disease, and bowel disorders like Crohn's disease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {med-pattern} is scanning X-ray images to determine the probability that a patient might or might not have pneumonia. Continuing with the medical path, the pattern could be used for other early detection scenarios that use object detection and classification. For example, the pattern could be used to scan computed tomography (CT) images for anomalies in the body such as sepsis, cancer, or even benign tumors. Additionally, the pattern could be used for detecting blood clots, some heart disease, and bowel disorders like Crohn's disease.
```

> * The Transportation Security Agency (TSA) could use the {med-pattern} in a way that enhances their existing scanning capabilities to detect with a higher probability restricted items carried on a person or hidden away in a piece of luggage. With Machine Learning Operations (MLOps), the model is constantly training and learning to better detect those items that are dangerous but which are not necessarily metallic, such as a firearm or a knife. The model is also training to dismiss those items that are authorized; ultimately saving passengers from being stopped and searched at security checkpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The United States Transportation Security Agency (TSA) could use the {med-pattern} in a way that enhances their existing scanning capabilities to detect with a higher probability restricted items carried on a person or hidden away in a piece of luggage. With Machine Learning Operations (MLOps), the model is constantly training and learning to better detect those items that are dangerous but which are not necessarily metallic, such as a firearm or a knife. The model is also training to dismiss those items that are authorized, which can save passengers from being stopped and searched at security checkpoints.
```
